allow querying of asset's historical balances in a given timerange (#9246)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

      :statuscode 404: No historical data found for the timestamp
      :statuscode 403: User does not have premium access
      :statuscode 409: User is not logged in
      :statuscode 500: Internal Rotki error

  .. http:post:: /api/(version)/balances/historical/asset

>     Gets historical balances for a specific asset within a given time range, calculated from processing of historical events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gets historical balance amounts for a specific asset within a given time range, calculated from processing of historical events.
```

>     The balances represent the total amount held at each timestamp where a change occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It's the total amount of asset held at each timestamp where a change occurred.
```

    **Example Request:**

      .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

        POST /api/(version)/balances/historical/asset HTTP/1.1
        Host: localhost:5042
        Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

        {
          "asset": "BTC",
          "from_timestamp": 1672531200,
          "to_timestamp": 1675209600
        }

      :reqjsonarr string asset: The asset identifier to query balances for
      :reqjsonarr integer from_timestamp: The start timestamp of the query range
      :reqjsonarr integer to_timestamp: The end timestamp of the query range

    **Example Response:**

      .. sourcecode:: http

        HTTP/1.1 200 OK
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
          "message": "",
          "result": {
            "times": [1672531200, 1673308800, 1674518400],
            "values": ["1.5", "2.0", "1.8"],
          },
          "status_code": 200
        }

        :resjson list[integer] times: Timestamps of balance changes.

>         :resjson list[string] values: Net asset balance at each corresponding timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :resjson list[string] values: Net asset balance amount at each corresponding timestamp.
```
